160 Copyright © All rights are reserved by Robert Skopec.
Modern Approaches on 
Material Science 
Review Article
Quantum Entaglement Entropy Produces Energy by Info Entropy Fields Forces
Robert Skopec*
Biologist researcher Dubnik, Slovakia, Axon Europe
*Corresponding author: Robert Skopec, Biologist researcher Dubnik, Slovakia, Axon Europe
Received: August 20, 2019 Published: August 29, 2019
Introduction
Everybody knows holograms from credit cards or banknotes. 
They are two dimensional, but to us they appear three dimensional. 
Our Universe could behave quite similarly. In 1997, the physicist 
Juan Maldacena proposed the idea that there is a correspondence 
between gravitational theories in curved anti-de-sitter spaces on 
the one hand and quantum field theories in spaces with one fewer 
dimension on the other [1]. If quantum gravity in a flat space allows 
for holographic description by standard quantum theory, then 
there must be physical quantities, which can be calculated in both 
theories and the results must agree. Especially one key feature of 
quantum mechanics–quantum entanglement has to appear in the 
gravitational theory [2]. When quantum particles are entangled, 
they cannot be described individually. They form a single quantum 
object, even if they are located far apart. There is a measure for 
the amount of entanglement in quantum system, called „entropy 
of entanglement “. This entropy of entanglement takes the same 
value in flat quantum gravity and in a low dimension quantum field 
theory. This calculation affirms our assumption that the holographic 
principle can also be realized in flat spaces. I tis evidence for the 
validity of this correspondence in our Universe. The fact that we can 
even talk about quantum information and entropy of entanglement 
in a theory of gravity is astounding in itself and would hardly have 
been imaginable only a few years back. Apparently, there is growing 
evidence for the validity of the correspondence principle in our 
own Universe [3,4].
Spacetime is Built from Quantum Entanglement
Now are published papers about a significant step toward 
unifying general relativity and quantum mechanics by explaining 
how spacetime emerges from quantum entanglement. However, 
understanding the precise mechanics for the emergence of three dimensional volume from the two-dimensional surface has been 
not easy. Hirosi Ooguri, from the University of Tokyo, and Caltech 
mathematician Matilde Marcolli, argue that quantum entanglement 
is the key to solve this question [5,6]. Using a quantum theory (that 
does not include gravity), they showed how to compute energy 
density, which is a source of gravitational interactions in three 
dimensions, using quantum entanglement data on the surface. This 
is analogous to diagnosing conditions inside of your body by looking 
at X-ray images on two-dimensional sheets. This allowed to interpret 
ISSN: 2641-6921
DOI: 10.32474/MAMS.2019.02.000126
Abstract
Sometimes, if you want to understand how nature truly works, you need to break things down to the simplest levels imaginable. 
The macroscopic world is composed of particles that are - if you divide them until they can be divided no more - fundamental. They 
experience forces that are determined by the exchange of additional particles (or the curvature of spacetime, for gravity), and react 
to the presence of objects around them. At least, that’s how it seems. The closer two objects are, the greater the forces they exert 
on one another. If they’re too far away, the forces drop off to zero, just like your intuition tells you they should. This is called the 
principle of locality, and it holds true in almost every instance. But in quantum mechanics, it’s violated all the time. Locality may be 
nothing but a persistent illusion and seeing through that facade may be just what physics needs.
Keywords: Quantum Gravity; Principle of Non-Locality; Einstein’s General Theory of Relativity; Quantum Entanglement Entropy 
(QEE); Schrödinger’s Cat; Superposition; Information about its Entangled Partner; Teleport Information; Quantum Physics as 
Fundamentally a Non-Local Theory
Citation: Robert Skopec. Quantum Entaglement Entropy Produces Energy by Info-Entropy Fields Forces. Mod App Matrl Sci 2(1)- 2019. 
MAMS.MS.ID.000126. DOI: 10.32474/MAMS.2019.02.000126.
 Volume 2 - Issue 1 Mod App Matrl Sci. Copyrights @ Robert Skopec
161
universal properties of quantum entanglement as conditions on the 
energy density that should be satisfied by any consistent quantum 
theory of gravity, without actually explicitly including gravity in 
the theory of Ooguri and Marcolli: that is quantum entanglement 
generates the extra dimensions of the gravitational theory [7,8]. It 
was known that quantum entanglement is related to deep issues 
in unification of general relativity and quantum mechanics, such as 
the black hole information paradox and the firewall paradox. This 
sheds new light on the relation between quantum entanglement 
and the microscopic structure of spacetime by explicit calculations. 
The interface between quantum gravity and information science 
is becoming increasingly important for both fields. I myself am 
collaborating with information scientists to pursue this line of 
research further [8,9].
Karma and Quantum Mechanics
Whether you’re into Eastern philosophy or Western scientific 
fact-finding, both disciplines strive to tackle the same goal: 
understanding how the universe works. For centuries, Buddhists 
have tackled this age-old question of the inner workings of the 
universe and have a wonderfully simplified approach to it-they call 
it the law of Karma [10]. Westerners, on the other hand, have created 
a relatively new field of scientific study called quantum mechanics, 
seeking to derive mathematical formulas to capture the universe 
at work. Here’s the thing, they both agree on a fundamental: 
everything we do creates a corresponding energy that comes back 
to us in some form or another. Think of it this way: I hold a door for 
someone, and that someone passes along that action to someone 
else by holding the door for them [11].
How Do I Get What I Want?
Figure 1:
I’ll be the first to admit that I am no scientist, nor am I a Buddhist 
monk, but I’m fascinated by both disciplines and have spent some 
time studying them. If you embrace the fact that, from a scientific 
perspective, the energy you expend taking an action comes back 
to you or someone else, then you’ll get where I’m going with this 
article. Ask any Buddhist monk this question, “How do I get what I 
want?” They will respond, (very calmly and matter-of-factly) “Help 
someone else get the same thing” (Figure 1). The proton’s structure, 
modeled along with its attendant fields, show how even though it’s 
made out of point-like quarks and gluons, it has a finite, substantial 
size which arises from the interplay of the quantum forces and 
fields inside it. The proton, itself, is a composite, not fundamental, 
quantum particle. (Brookhaven National Laboratory) A single 
thought experiment reveals a paradox. As part of Quantum Gravity 
theory, the Quantum Entanglement Entropy (QEE) is the solution.
The Bigger the Challenge, the Bigger the Effort is 
Required
The universe doesn’t immediately respond to your actions 
with good Karma. It can take time before the universe repays 
your intentional actions with more actions that help you progress 
toward your goal. Like a slingshot, the universe requires energy 
to be expended, such as pulling back a slingshot. You might find 
yourself generating days, if not weeks or months, of output before 
you see the effects of your efforts. Sometimes, the efforts come in 
a trickle, and other times, they can come in deluge [12]. The trick 
is to keep your focus on generating actions that help others in the 
direction you seek to go yourself.
Nothing Takes The Place of Committed All-In 
Action Every Day
Figure 2:
Figure 3:
 Volume 2 - Issue 1 Mod App Matrl Sci.
Citation: Robert Skopec. Quantum Entaglement Entropy Produces Energy by Info-Entropy Fields Forces. Mod App Matrl Sci 2(1)- 2019. 
MAMS.MS.ID.000126. DOI: 10.32474/MAMS.2019.02.000126.
Copyrights @ Robert Skopec.
162
One more thought: this topic that I’m introducing is barely the 
tip of the iceberg of the meta-physical dynamics of the universe in 
which we live. But the ideas are relevant to anyone seeking to turn a 
dream into reality. There are forces at work that can help or hinder 
your efforts. The more you put forth energies without expectation 
of personal gain, while helping others, the more you’ll be surprised 
at how the universe will open the door to the goal you seek to 
attain. Make no mistake, nothing takes the place of committed All in action every day. Never, Ever, Give Up on your dreams, and soon 
you’ll discover that the universe will not give up on you [13,14] 
(Figure 2). Quantum gravity tries to combine Einstein’s general 
theory of relativity with quantum mechanics. Quantum corrections 
to classical gravity are visualized as loop diagrams, as the one 
shown here in white. We typically view objects that are close to 
one another as capable of exerting forces on one another, but that 
might be an illusion, too. (Slac National Accelerator Lab) Imagine 
that you had two objects located in close proximity to one another. 
They would attract or repel one another based on their charges 
and the distance between them. You might visualize this as one 
object generating a field that affects the other, or as two objects 
exchanging particles that impart either a push or a pull to one or 
both of them. You’d expect, of course, that there would be a speed 
limit to this interaction: the speed of light. Relativity gives you no 
other way out, since the speed at which the particles responsible 
for forces propagate is limited by the speed they can travel, which 
can never exceed the speed of light for any particle in the Universe. 
It seems so straightforward, and yet the Universe is full of surprises 
(Figure 3). An example of a light cone, the three-dimensional 
surface of all possible light rays arriving at and departing from a 
point in spacetime. The more you move through space, the less you 
move through time, and vice versa. Only things contained within 
your past light-cone can affect you today; only things contained 
within your future light-cone can be perceived by you in the future. 
(Wikimedia Commons User Missmj). We have this notion of cause and-effect that’s been hard-wired into us by our experience with 
reality. Physicists call this causality, and it’s one of the rare physics 
ideas that actually conforms to our intuition. Every observer in 
the Universe, from its own perspective, has a set of events that 
exist in its past and in its future [15]. In relativity, these are events 
contained within either your past light-cone (for events that can 
causally affect you) or your future light-cone (for events that you 
can causally effect). Events that can be seen, perceived, or can 
otherwise have an effect on an observer are known as causally 
connected. Signals and physical effects, both from the past and into 
the future, can propagate at the speed of light, but no faster. At least, 
that’s what your intuitive notions about reality tell you (Figure 4).
Figure 4:
Schrödinger’s Cat
Inside the box, the cat will be either alive or dead, depending on 
whether a radioactive particle decayed or not. If the cat were a true 
quantum system, the cat would be neither alive nor dead, but in a 
superposition of both states until observed. (Wikimedia Commons 
User Dhatfield). But in the quantum Universe, this notion of 
relativistic causality isn’t as straightforward or universal as it would 
seem. There are many properties that a particle can have - such 
as its spin or polarization - that are fundamentally indeterminate 
until you make a measurement. Prior to observing the particle or 
interacting with it in such a way that it’s forced to be in either one 
state or the other, it’s actually in a superposition of all possible 
outcomes [16]. Well, you can also take two quantum particles 
and entangle them, so that these very same quantum properties 
are linked between the two entangled particles. Whenever you 
interact with one member of the entangled pair, you not only 
gain information about which particular state it’s in, but also 
information about its entangled partner (Figure 5). By creating two 
entangled photons from a pre-existing system and separating them 
by great distances, we can ‘teleport’ information about the state of 
one by measuring the state of the other, even from extraordinarily 
different locations. (Melissa Meister, Of Laser Photons Through A 
Beam Splitter). This wouldn’t be so bad, except for the fact that you 
can set up an experiment as follows. You can create your pair of 
entangled particles at a particular location in space and time. You 
can transport them an arbitrarily large distance apart from one 
another, all while maintaining that quantum entanglement. Finally, 
Citation: Robert Skopec. Quantum Entaglement Entropy Produces Energy by Info-Entropy Fields Forces. Mod App Matrl Sci 2(1)- 2019. 
MAMS.MS.ID.000126. DOI: 10.32474/MAMS.2019.02.000126.
 Volume 2 - Issue 1 Mod App Matrl Sci. Copyrights @ Robert Skopec
163
you can make those measurements (or force those interactions) as 
close to simultaneously as possible. In every instance where you 
do this, you’ll find the member you measure in a particular state, 
and instantly “know” some information about the other entangled 
member (Figure 6).
Figure 5:
Figure 6:
A photon can have two types of circular polarizations, arbitrarily 
defined so that one is + and one is -. By devising an experiment 
to test correlations between the directional polarization of 
entangled particles, one can attempt to distinguish between 
certain formulations of quantum mechanics that lead to different 
experimental results. (Dave3457 / Wikimedia Commons). What’s 
puzzling is that you cannot check whether this information is true 
or not until much later, because it takes a finite amount of time for a 
light signal to arrive from the other member. When the signal does 
arrive, it always confirms what you’d known just by measuring your 
member of the entangled pair: your expectation for the state of the 
distant particle agreed 100% with what its measurement indicated 
[17]. Only, there seems to be a problem. You “knew” information 
about a measurement that was taking place non-locally, which is 
to say that the measurement that occurred is outside of your light 
cone. Yet somehow, you weren’t entirely ignorant about what was 
going on over there. Even though no information was transmitted 
faster than the speed of light, this measurement describes a 
troubling truth about quantum physics: it is fundamentally a non local theory (Figure 7). Schematic of the third Aspect experiment 
testing quantum non-locality. Entangled photons from the source 
are sent to two fast switches that direct them to polarizing detectors. 
The switches change settings very rapidly, effectively changing the 
detector settings for the experiment while the photons are in flight. 
(Chad Orzel). There are limits to this, of course. It isn’t as clean as 
you want: measuring the state of your particle doesn’t tell us the 
exact state of its entangled pair, just probabilistic information about 
its partner. There is still no way to send a signal faster than light; 
you can only use this non-locality to predict a statistical average 
of entangled particle properties. And even though it has been the 
dream of many, from Einstein to Schrödinger to de Broglie, no one 
has ever come up with an improved version of quantum mechanics 
that tells you anything more than its original formulation [18]. 
But there are many who still dream that dream (Figure 8). If two 
particles are entangled, they have complementary wavefunction 
properties, and measuring one places meaningful constraints 
on the properties of the other. (Wikimedia Commons User David 
Koryagin).
Figure 7:
Figure 8:
One of them is Lee Smolin, who cowrote a paper [Physical 
Review D] way back in 2003 that showed an intriguing link between 
general ideas in quantum gravity and the fundamental non-locality 
of quantum physics. Although we don’t have a successful quantum 
theory of gravity, we have established a number of important 
properties concerning how a quantum theory of gravity will behave 
and still be consistent with the known Universe (Figure 9). A 
variety of quantum interpretations and their differing assignments 
of a variety of properties. Despite their differences, there are no 
experiments known that can tell these various interpretations apart 
from one another, although certain interpretations, like those with 
local, real, deterministic hidden variables, can be ruled out. (English 
Wikipedia Page on Interpretations of Quantum Mechanics). There 
are many reasons to be skeptical that this conjecture will hold up 
to further scrutiny. For one, we don’t truly understand quantum 
 Volume 2 - Issue 1 Mod App Matrl Sci.
Citation: Robert Skopec. Quantum Entaglement Entropy Produces Energy by Info-Entropy Fields Forces. Mod App Matrl Sci 2(1)- 2019. 
MAMS.MS.ID.000126. DOI: 10.32474/MAMS.2019.02.000126.
Copyrights @ Robert Skopec.
164
gravity at all, and anything we can say about it is extraordinarily 
provisional. For another, replacing the non-local behavior of 
quantum mechanics with the non-local behavior of quantum 
gravity is arguably making the problem worse, not better. And, as a 
third reason, there is nothing thought to be observable or testable 
about these non-local variables that Markopoulou and Smolin claim 
could explain this bizarre property of the quantum Universe [19]. 
Fortunately, we’ll have the opportunity to hear the story direct 
from Smolin himself and evaluate it on our own. It is curious about 
what Smolin is calling Einstein’s Unfinished Revolution, which 
is the ultimate quest to supersede our two current (but mutually 
incompatible) descriptions of reality: General Relativity and 
quantum mechanics (Figure 10). Find out where we are in the quest 
for quantum gravity, and what promises it may (or may not) have 
for revolutionizing one of the greatest counterintuitive mysteries 
about the quantum nature of reality! [19,20]. Thanks for joining 
me for an interesting lecture and discussions on science, and just 
maybe, someday, we’ll have some interesting progress to report on 
this topic. Until then, you don’t have to shut up, but you still do have 
to calculate! 
Figure 9:
Figure 10:
Quantum Entanglement Entropy Plays a Key Role
Gauge/gravity duality posits an exact equivalence between 
certain conformal field theories (CFT’s) with many degrees of 
freedom and higher dimensional theories with gravity. We try 
to understand how bulk spacetime geometry and gravitational 
dynamics emerge from a non-gravitational theory. In recent years, 
there have appeared hints that quantum entanglement entropy 
a key role. One important development in this direction was the 
proposal that the entanglement entropy between spatial domain D 
of CFT and its complement is equal to the area of the bulk extremal 
surface . 4
min. ( )
GN
area
D
Σ
= Σ ∑ = δ δ
Using this showed the emergence of linearized gravity from 
entanglement physics of the CFT, we continue this program. 
Moreover, we show that bulk stress-energy density in this region 
can be reconstructed point-by-point from entanglement on the 
boundary [21]. Relative entropy is a measure of distinguishability 
between two quantum state in the Hilbert space. The relative 
entropy of two density matrices and is defined as S( p0/ p1 )=tr(
p1
log p1
)-tr( p1
log p0 ).
When and are reduced density matrices on a spatial domain D 
for two states of a quantum field theory (QFT), which is the case 
which implies that S( / ) increases with the size of D. Defining the 
modular Hamiltonial H mod of p0 implicitly through p0 = ,
) ( mod
mod
H
H
tr e
e
−
−
It is easy to see that above is equivalent to
S( p0/ p1
)=∆(H mod ) − ∆S EE ≥ 0 , where ∆(H mod = tr ( p1H mod ) − tr ( p0H mod )
is the change in the expectation value of the operator H mod and 
∆S EE = −tr ( p1 log p1 ) − tr ( p0 log p0 ) is the change in entanglement 
entropy across D as one goes between the states. In general, the 
modular Hamiltonian associated to a given density matrix is 
nonlocal. There are a few simple cases where it is explicitly known. 
When is the reduced density matrix of the vacuum state of a CFT on 
a disk of radius R which (without loss of generality) we take to be 
centered at x0 = 0,
H mod = ∫ − −
2
( ),
2
1 T x R
x Rx d tt
d π
where Ttt is the energy density of the CFT [22]?
The Interface between Quantum Gravity and 
Information Science
Theory of Quantum Gravitation
Lee Smolin showed an intriguing link between general ideas 
in quantum gravity and the fundamental non-locality of quantum 
physics, We must replace the non-local behavior of quantum 
mechanics with the non-local behavior of quantum gravity [23].
Quantum Entanglement Entropy:
Ooguri and Marcolli’s work shows that this quantum 
entanglement generates the extra dimensions of the gravitational 
theory, entangled particles have also complementary properties, 
entangled quantum particles cannot be seen individually, they form 
a single quantum object, even if they are located far apart, If two 
particles are entangled they have complementary wavefunction 
properties and measuring one places meaningful constraints on the 
properties of the other.
Quantum Information:
The interface between quantum gravity and information 
science is becoming increasingly important for both fields [24]. 
Based on Lee Smolin’s calling for continuing in Einstein’s Unfinished 
Citation: Robert Skopec. Quantum Entaglement Entropy Produces Energy by Info-Entropy Fields Forces. Mod App Matrl Sci 2(1)- 2019. 
MAMS.MS.ID.000126. DOI: 10.32474/MAMS.2019.02.000126.
 Volume 2 - Issue 1 Mod App Matrl Sci. Copyrights @ Robert Skopec
165
Revolution, I propose the ultimate quest to supersede our two 
current (mutually compatible) descriptions of reality: General 
Relativity and Quantum Gravity. General Relativity and Quantum 
Gravity including Quantum Entanglement Entropy means that The 
Twofaced New Main Law of Nature may lead to a New Scientific 
Revolution.
Conclusion
It has been shown that information and “entropy” a measure 
of the disorder of a system are linked together to “info-entropy” 
in a way exactly analogous to electric and magnetic fields 
(“Electromagnetism”). Electric currents produce magnetic 
fields, while changing magnetic fields produce electric currents. 
Information and entropy influence each other in the same way. 
Entropy is a fundamental concept in physics. For example, because 
entropy can never decrease (disorder always increases) you can 
turn an egg into scrambled eggs but not the other way around. If 
you move information around you must also increase entropy 
a phone call has an entropy cost (Figure 11). It has been showed 
that entropy and information can be treated as a field and that 
they are related to geometry. Think of the two strands of the DNA 
double helix winding around each other. Light waves have the same 
structure, where the two strands are the electric and magnetic 
fields. We showed mathematically that the relationship between 
information and entropy can be visualized using just the same 
geometry. If we want to see if our theory could predict things in the 
real world and decided to try and calculate how much energy you’d 
need to convert one form of DNA to another. 
Figure 11:
Figure 12: Two forms of DNA. Modified (2019) from 
Fig. 5 of Allemand et al. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA 95, 
14152–14157 (1998), CC BY 
DNA is after all a spiral and a form of information (Figure 12). 
We needed to know the entropy of the galaxy for our calculations. 
Luckily, the mathematical physicist Roger Penrose showed that this 
entropy is dominated by the entropy of its central super-massive 
black hole. We know the mass of this black hole (4.3m sun masses). 
And amazingly, when you know the mass of a black hole, there is 
an equation, discovered by the late physicist Stephen Hawking, that 
calculates its entropy. Hawking also discovered how to calculate the 
“temperature” at its surface, or “event horizon”. If you can assign a 
“temperature” to the black hole event horizon – which has no stuff 
in it to have temperature, why not also assign a temperature to a 
galaxy? We argue in our paper that this is reasonable (using what’s 
known as the “holographic principle”). So, we used our info-entropy 
equations to calculate the galaxy’s holographic temperature. Then 
it gets easy. We know that the galactic energy is given by the product 
of its entropy and temperature. And when we know the energy we 
can find out the mass thanks to Einstein’s famous equation: E=mc2
. 
This time the result was not exactly spot on, but it was reasonably 
close given our highly simplified model of the galaxy. The info entropic geometry of a galaxy not only explains how entropic 
forces create the beautifully symmetric shape and keep it, but also 
accounts for all the mass that appears to be evident in it. We think 
that the “morphogenic field” Kepler was seeking really does exist 
and is actually the effect of the intertwining of information and 
entropy. After four long centuries, it seems Kepler has finally been 
vindicated.
References
1. C Holzhey, F Larsen F Wilczek (1994) Geometric and renormalized 
entropy in conformal field theory. Nucl Phys B 424(3): 443-467.
2. E Verlinde (2011) On the origin of gravity and the laws of Newton. J High 
Energy Phys (4): 29.
3. K Skenderis, M Taylor (2008) The fuzzball proposal for black holes. Phys 
Rep 467(5): 117-171.
4. DD Blanco, H Casini, LY Hung, RC Myers (2013) Relative entropy and 
holography. J High Energy Phys (8): 60.
5. M Van Raamsdonk (2010) Building up spacetime with quantum 
entanglement. Gen Rel Gravit 42(10): 2323-2329.
6. N Lashkari, M B McDermott, M Van Raamsdonk (2014) Gravitational 
dynamics from entanglement thermodynamics. J High Energy Phys (4): 
195.
7. G Resconi, I Licata, D Fiscaletti (2013) Unification of quantum and 
gravity by nonclassical information entropy space. Entropy 15(9): 3602-
3619.
8. I Licata, L Chiatti (2009) The archaic universe: big bang, cosmological 
term and the quantum origin of time in projective cosmology. Int J Theor 
Phys 48(4): 1003-1018.
9. WE Lamb, RC Ratherford (1947) Fine structure of the hydrogen atom by 
a microwave method. Phys Rev 72(3): 241-243.
10. HA Bethe (1947) The electromagnetic shift of energy levels. Phys Rev 
72(4): 339-341.
11. S K Lamoreaux (1997) Demonstration of the Casimir force in the 0.6 to 6 
mu m range. Phys Rev Lett 78(1): 5-8.
12. C R Stephens, Gt Hooft, BF Whiting (1994) Black-hole evaporation 
without information loss. Class. Quantum Grav 11(3): 621-647.
13. L Susskind (1995) The world as a hologram. J Math Phy 36(11): 6377-
6396.
14. R Bousso (2002) The holographic principle. Rev. Mod Phys 74(3): 825-
874.
 Volume 2 - Issue 1 Mod App Matrl Sci.
Citation: Robert Skopec. Quantum Entaglement Entropy Produces Energy by Info-Entropy Fields Forces. Mod App Matrl Sci 2(1)- 2019. 
MAMS.MS.ID.000126. DOI: 10.32474/MAMS.2019.02.000126.
Copyrights @ Robert Skopec.
166
This work is licensed under Creative
Commons Attribution 4.0 License
To Submit Your Article Click Here: Submit Article
Modern Approaches on 
Material Science 
Assets of Publishing with us
• Global archiving of articles
• Immediate, unrestricted online access
• Rigorous Peer Review Process
• Authors Retain Copyrights
• Unique DOI for all articles
DOI: 10.32474/MAMS.2019.02.000126
15. S W Hawking (1975) Particle creation by black-holes. Commun Math 
Phys 43(3): 199-220.
16. Shujuan Liu, Hongwei Xiong (2019) On the quantum thermodynamic 
origin of gravitational force byapplying spacetime entanglement entropy 
and Unruh effect. Preprints 21: 26.
17. R Skopec (2019) Quantum Resourrection: Quantum Algorithm 
With Complex Conjugation Reverses Phases Of The Wave Function 
Components. Journal of Neuroscience and Neurological Surgery 2(1): 
32-38.
18. R Skopec (2018) Evolution Continues with Quantum Biology and 
Artificial Intelligence. ARC Journal of Immunology and Vaccines. 3(2): 
15-23.
19. R Skopec (2019) Naphazoline nitrate treat the frey effect of microwave 
and other sonic weapon’s damages in human’s internal, organs. Virology: 
Research & Reviews. 2(1): 1-5.
20. R Skopec (2019) Negative Health Effects of the International Space 
Station. Stem Cell Research International. 3(2): 1-6.
21. R Skopec (2019) Fifth Dark Force Completely Change Our Understanding 
of the Universe. Research Journal of Nanoscience and Engineering. 3(2): 
22-29.
22. R Skopec (2019) Darwin’s Theorem Revised: Survival of the Careerist. 
Advancements in Cardiovascular Research 1(5): 89-93.
23. R Skopec (2019) New Psychological Weapons Make Targets Hallucinate. 
Journal Of Neuropsychiatry And Neurodisorders 1(1): 1-6.
24. R Skopec (2019) The Transfiguration with Self-Phase Modulation 
Effect of Entanglement in a Plasmatic Moving Frame. Current Trends in 
Biotechnology and Biochemistry 1(2).