Physicists ‘entangle’ individual molecules
for the first time, bringing about a
newplatform for quantum science
In a noteworthy first, a team of Princeton physicists has been able to link together individual molecules
into special states that are quantum mechanically “entangled.” In these bizarre states, the molecules
remain correlated with each other — and can interact simultaneously — even if they are miles apart, or
indeed, even if they occupy opposite ends of the universe. This research was published
(https://doi.org/10.1126/science.adf4272) in the current issue of the journal Science.
“This is a breakthrough in the world of molecules because of the fundamental importance of quantum
entanglement,” said Lawrence Cheuk (https://phy.princeton.edu/people/lawrence-cheuk), an assistant
professor of physics at Princeton University, the senior author of the paper and a graduate of Princeton’s
Class of 2010. “But it is also a breakthrough for practical applications because entangled molecules can
be the building blocks for many future applications.”
These include, for example, quantum computers that can solve certain problems much faster than
conventional computers, quantum simulators that can model complex materials whose behaviors are
difficult to model, and quantum sensors that can measure faster than their traditional counterparts.
By Tom Garlinghouse for the Department of Physics on Dec. 8, 2023, 4:39 p.m.
Laser setup for cooling,
controlling, and entangling
individual molecules.
Photo by Richard Soden,
Department of Physics
Members of the Princeton research team. From left to
right, Assistant Professor of Physics Lawrence Cheuk,
graduate student in electrical engineering Yukai Lu, and
graduate student in physics Connor Holland.
Photo by Richard Soden, Department of Physics
“One of the motivations in doing quantum science is that in the
practical world it turns out that if you harness the laws of
quantum mechanics, you can do a lot better in many areas,” said
Connor Holland, a graduate student in the physics department
and a co-author on the work.
The ability of quantum devices to outperform classical ones is
known as “quantum advantage.” And at the core of quantum
advantage are the principles of superposition and quantum
entanglement. While a classical computer bit can assume the
value of either 0 or 1, quantum bits, called qubits, can
simultaneously be in a superposition of 0 and 1.
The latter concept, entanglement, is a major cornerstone of
quantum mechanics. It occurs when two particles become
inextricably linked with each other so that this link persists, even
if one particle is light-years away from the other particle. It is the
phenomenon that Albert Einstein, who at first questioned its
validity, described as “spooky action at a distance.” Since then,
physicists have demonstrated that entanglement is, in fact, an
accurate description of the physical world and how reality is
structured.
“Quantum entanglement is a fundamental concept,” said Cheuk,
“but it is also the key ingredient that bestows quantum advantage.”
But building quantum advantage and achieving controllable quantum entanglement remain a challenge,
not least because engineers and scientists are still unclear about which physical platform is best for
creating qubits. In the past decades, many different technologies — such as trapped ions, photons,
superconducting circuits, to name only a few — have been explored as candidates for quantum
computers and devices. The optimal quantum system or qubit platform could very well depend on the
specific application.
Until this experiment, however, molecules had long defied controllable quantum entanglement. But
Cheuk and his colleagues found a way, through careful manipulation in the laboratory, to control
individual molecules and coax them into these interlocking quantum states. They also believed that
molecules have certain advantages — over atoms, for example — that made them especially well-suited
for certain applications in quantum information processing and quantum simulation of complex
materials. Compared to atoms, for example, molecules have more quantum degrees of freedom and can
interact in new ways.
“What this means, in practical terms, is that there are new ways of storing and processing quantum
information,” said Yukai Lu, a graduate student in electrical and computer engineering and a co-author
of the paper. “For example, a molecule can vibrate and rotate in multiple modes. So, you can use two of
these modes to encode a qubit. If the molecular species is polar, two molecules can interact even when
spatially separated.”
Nonetheless, molecules have proven notoriously difficult to control in the laboratory because of their
complexity. The very degrees of freedom that make them attractive also make them hard to control, or
corral, in laboratory settings. Cheuk and his team addressed many of these challenges through a
carefully thought-out experiment involving a sophisticated experimental platform known as a “tweezer
array,” in which individual molecules were picked up by a complex system of tightly focused laser
beams, so-called “optical tweezers.”
“Using molecules for quantum science is a new frontier and our demonstration of on-demand
entanglement is a key step in demonstrating that molecules can be used as a viable platform for
quantum science,” said Cheuk.
In a separate article published in the same issue of Science, an independent research group led by John
Doyle and Kang-Kuen Ni at Harvard University and Wolfgang Ketterle at the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology achieved similar results.
“The fact that they got the same results verify the reliability of our results,” Cheuk said. “They also show
that molecular tweezer arrays are becoming an exciting new platform for quantum science.”
“On-Demand Entanglement of Molecules in a Reconfigurable Optical Tweezer Array
(https://doi.org/10.1126/science.adf4272),” by Connor M. Holland, Yukai Lu, and Lawrence W. Cheuk
was published in Science on December 8, 2023, (DOI: 10.1126/science.adf4272
(https://doi.org/10.1126/science.adf4272)). The work was supported by Princeton University, the
National Science Foundation (2207518) and the Sloan Foundation (FG-2022-19104).